[MUSIC]
>> Kevin Whinnery: So we talked a little
bit about some of the alternatives.
And so at this point, we're gonna take
a little bit of time to knock out
a few more issues in our GitHub repository
related to browserify and SaaS.
And these ones are fairly simple, should
be a nice warm up for the rest of the day.
So let's head out to GitHub and
see which tasks have been
flagged with exercise five.
>> Kevin Whinnery: So
we have a couple of bits here.
The browserfy related task is
to add ES 2016 presets to our
Babel configuration in addition to the ES
2015 presets that we're currently using.
So our friend JavaScript
clearly not progressive enough,
need to add in some additional next
generation echo script features.
So we are going to be changing our
transformation configuration to
allow us to include those
ES 2016 features as well.
So that is one task to add to
head of the configuration.
The other is to update the styles for
our to do's page.
And the thing that you're
gonna wanna accomplish here
is to ensure that the links in the footer.
So down here,
we have to scroll our way down.
So these links in the footer,
right now are not colored significantly,
differently than the rest of the text.
So I would like to do is make
those links in the footer the same
color as this header up
at the top of the page.
And I don't know about you, but
that's really hard for me to read.
So I think messing with the opacity or
the color of that H1, deciding on one
that's a little bit easier to read.
And then essentially ensuring that the
color is stored in a variable that we can
use both in the header and
in the links way down here at the footer.
So it'll require to use at
least that one feature of SaaS.
So I feel it's something we can knock out
in a relatively short period of time.
So I think we'll take about 20 minutes,
and then come back as
a group to knock it out.
Yes, Mark?
>> Mark: There's a question about,
is there a reload module
that you recommend?
>> Kevin Whinnery: There is a LiveReload,
is a popular
one that you can use with grunt.
I don't use one,
I work on a project that does use one.
And it just constantly pisses me
off cuz reloading the page I'm on,
every time I save a file,
it just isn't the behavior I want usually.
So I don't use one, but
LiveReload is a popular one.
>> Mark: So
LiveReload would reload the entire page.
So LiveReload,
when reloading [INAUDIBLE] page,
I think hot reloading is
reloading an individual modules.
>> Kevin Whinnery: Right, yeah.
>> Mark: You're working on, cuz typically,
people use [INAUDIBLE] reloading
with web packing react, right?
>> Kevin Whinnery: Yeah, yeah,
I think that's a feature of those tools.
So I don't have one that I
recommend because I don't.
>> Mark: Yeah, but
there's module reloading [INAUDIBLE].
>> Kevin Whinnery: Yeah, I mean I'm
not familiar with that specifically.
Yeah, I know that react tooling does that.
It's especially to great effects
if you're using RAC native like it
will reload reload code in the simulator,
but
there isn't one that I use, so
my answer is derp there, yes.
>> Kevin Whinnery: All right,
so let's go ahead and
try to knock out those two
issues in our GitHub repo.
>> Kevin Whinnery: And yeah, we'll take
about 20 minutes break to do that.
We'll take a look at any pull requests
that come in and merge those down.
And we'll move on to some
VJS stuff after that.